Update MPSL and SoftDevice Controller (#449)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: softdevice_controller/CHANGELOG.rst

* Added supported for the vendor specific HCI command: Read Supported Vendor Specific Commands (DRGN-13763).
* Added support for the vendor specific HCI command: Zephyr Read Key Hierarchy Roots (DRGN-13237).

Changes
=======

* Moved permanent limitations from the :ref:`nrf:known_issues` page to :ref:`softdevice_controller_limitations`.

Bug fixes
=========

* Fixed an issue where the channel map provided by the LE Host Set Channel Classification HCI command was not applied on the secondary advertising channels (DRGN-13594).
* The SoftDevice Controller can now be qualified on nRF52832 (DRGN-15382).

> * Fixed an issue where in rare cases an assert could occur when receiving a packet as a slave with a CRC error after performing a data length procedure on Coded PHY (DRGN-15251).
> * Fixed an issue where "HCI Read RSSI" would always returns Command Disallowed (0x0C) error code (DRGN-15310).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where, in rare cases, an assert could occur when receiving a packet as a slave.
  This could lead to a CRC error after performing a data length procedure on Coded PHY (DRGN-15251).
* Fixed an issue where "HCI Read RSSI" would always return a Command Disallowed (0x0C) error code (DRGN-15310).
```
Not sure if I interpreted the first issue correctly - that sentence is way too long and must be broken up.

Reviewer 2: Rephrased DRGN-15251 slightly different. The bug is not causing CRC issues, the bug is triggered by CRC issues
